README.md, before:

# Minimal WebDriver

Pipes stdin to all configured browsers using the Selenium
[WebDriver protocol][].

- Concurrent test runs
- SauceLabs support
- No web server required

Repository: <https://github.com/mantoni/min-webdriver>

---

## Install with npm

```
npm install min-wd -g
```

## Usage

Put a config file name `.min-wd` in your project directory:

```
{
  "hostname": "localhost",
  "port": 4444,
  "browsers": [{
    "name": "internet explorer",
    "version": "10"
  }, {
    "name": "chrome"
  }]
}
```

Alternatively, add a `webdriver` property with the configs to your
`package.json` file.

Assuming `my-script.js` contains this:

```js
console.log('Hello %s!', 'browser');
process.exit(0);
```

Use with [browserify][]:

```
$ browserify -t min-wd my-script.js | min-wd
= internet explorer 9 ========================================================
Hello browser!
= chrome * ===================================================================
Hello browser!
```

## SauceLabs

Export your SauceLabs credentials:

```
export SAUCE_USERNAME="your-user-name"
export SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY="your-access-key"
```

Enable SauceLabs in your `.min-wd` file:

```
{
  "sauceLabs": true,
  "browsers": [...]
}
```

## Loading a web page

By default, min-webdriver will folk a new browser and inject the given script
straight away without loading any web page. If you want to run your test cases
in the context of a web page, you can configure the start page in the `.min-wd`
file:

```
{
  "url": "http://my-test-page"
}
```

## Mocha Support

Testing with [Mocha][] requires [mocaccino][]:

```
$ browserify -t min-wd my-test.js | mocaccino -b -r list | min-wd
```

If this is your use case, make sure to give [Mochify][] a try.

## IE trouble shooting

If IE reports it can't find `JSON`, then the Selenium default page makes IE
switch to quirks mode. To avoid this, load a web page as described above.

Here is a minimal node server that does the job:

```js
var http = require('http');

http.createServer(function (req, res) {
  res.writeHead(200, { 'Content-Type': 'text/html; charset=UTF-8' });
  res.end('<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><meta encoding="utf-8"></head>'
    + '<body></body></html>');
}).listen(4445);
```

## License

MIT

[WebDriver protocol]: https://code.google.com/p/selenium/wiki/JsonWireProtocol
[browserify]: http://browserify.org
[Mocha]: http://visionmedia.github.io/mocha/
[Mochify]: https://github.com/mantoni/mochify.js
[mocaccino]: https://github.com/mantoni/mocaccino.js

Commit message:

Configure async script timeout for log polling

README.md, after:

# Minimal WebDriver

Pipes stdin to all configured browsers using the Selenium
[WebDriver protocol][].

- Concurrent test runs
- SauceLabs support
- No web server required

Repository: <https://github.com/mantoni/min-webdriver>

---

## Install with npm

```
npm install min-wd -g
```

## Usage

Put a config file name `.min-wd` in your project directory:

```
{
  "hostname": "localhost",
  "port": 4444,
  "browsers": [{
    "name": "internet explorer",
    "version": "10"
  }, {
    "name": "chrome"
  }]
}
```

Alternatively, add a `webdriver` property with the configs to your
`package.json` file.

Assuming `my-script.js` contains this:

```js
console.log('Hello %s!', 'browser');
process.exit(0);
```

Use with [browserify][]:

```
$ browserify -t min-wd my-script.js | min-wd
= internet explorer 9 ========================================================
Hello browser!
= chrome * ===================================================================
Hello browser!
```

## SauceLabs

Export your SauceLabs credentials:

```
export SAUCE_USERNAME="your-user-name"
export SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY="your-access-key"
```

Enable SauceLabs in your `.min-wd` file:

```
{
  "sauceLabs": true,
  "browsers": [...]
}
```

## Loading a web page

By default, min-webdriver will folk a new browser and inject the given script
straight away without loading any web page. If you want to run your test cases
in the context of a web page, you can configure the start page in the `.min-wd`
file:

```
{
  "url": "http://my-test-page"
}
```

## Mocha Support

Testing with [Mocha][] requires [mocaccino][]:

```
$ browserify -t min-wd my-test.js | mocaccino -b -r list | min-wd
```

If this is your use case, make sure to give [Mochify][] a try.

## Timeouts

The default timeout for the log polling script is 10 seconds. If you have long
running test cases that don't print anything for more than 10 seconds, you can
increase the timeout by adding a `timeout` property to your config:

```
"timeout": 20000
```

## IE trouble shooting

If IE reports it can't find `JSON`, then the Selenium default page makes IE
switch to quirks mode. To avoid this, load a web page as described above.

Here is a minimal node server that does the job:

```js
var http = require('http');

http.createServer(function (req, res) {
  res.writeHead(200, { 'Content-Type': 'text/html; charset=UTF-8' });
  res.end('<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><meta encoding="utf-8"></head>'
    + '<body></body></html>');
}).listen(4445);
```

## License

MIT

[WebDriver protocol]: https://code.google.com/p/selenium/wiki/JsonWireProtocol
[browserify]: http://browserify.org
[Mocha]: http://visionmedia.github.io/mocha/
[Mochify]: https://github.com/mantoni/mochify.js
[mocaccino]: https://github.com/mantoni/mocaccino.js
